---
layout: post
title: "Day 24: The self-important indignation of the checkout lady"
date: 2010-07-22 01:33:48
categories: 100miles
tags: [Environment, Food]
published: true
---


So there I was, queuing to buy my local potatoes in Waitrose. Line is inching along. Surrounded by food that I can't have.

<!--more-->

Please let me leave. Lady on the till asks the man in front if he needs a bag, and the man says yes. Big mistake. Her reaction was frightening: Don't you know plastic bags are destroying the planet, Sir? Now feel remorse and discomfort as I stare at you with incredulity; public shame is the only remaining recourse.

I mean, she didn't say that but it was clear that she was thinking it. Perfectly staged transference of internalised collective guilt. It's hilarious really, the emphasis almost imperceptibly shuffles its weight and all rationality disappears. To quote Mil Millington:


> Imagine a man is running along the street.
> 
> He's racing away, desperate to catch a bus that he sees is two hundred yards ahead of him, its indicator already flashing to pull out.
> 
> The man sprints towards it for all he's worth - arms waving, loose change flying out of his pockets.
> 
> But while he's still a good hundred and fifty yards away, he stumbles over a small dog - a Yorkshire terrier, perhaps - that disinterestedly crosses his path.
> 
> He falls.
> 
> Spinning awkwardly on to the pavement into the cruel oasis created by other pedestrians leaping out of the way.
> 
> Failure. Wasted effort. A jagged rip in the elbow of his jacket where it's hit the ground. Ahead, unknowingly, the bus pulls away and he's missed it.
> 
> Now, instead of a man, imagine it's you, and instead of a bus, it's "The Point".

Plastic bags constitute 0.3% of all household waste and yet it is they, not packaging in general (25% of household waste), that the public has learnt to demonise. My supervisor believes it's a conspiracy, supermarkets begrudge having to give away bags for free...

Anyway, today I ate:

**Breakfast** - Mushroom omelette with grilled mackerel.

**Lunch** - The same again.

**Dinner** - Porridge, carrots, flapjacks.

A lazy day, I don't deny it. One week to go, and then happiness resumes.