---
layout: post
title: "Day 20: Skipping meals and the consequences therein"
date: 2010-07-20 22:33:02
categories: 100miles
tags: [Environment, Food, Recipes]
---

A busy day. Life continues happening with unnerving disregard to your environmental endeavours, and this time it hit me where it hurts - the car wipers. 

<!--more-->

They had seized and I live in Edinburgh, where sometimes it doesn't rain. After trying every garage in Edinburgh, begging them to let me use their vice, one finally agreed. Wrestling with seized metal can build an appetite, and the wipers were finally restored to working order just in time for the rain, and the drive to football. Restricting diet to a 100 mile results in only one big loss: convenience. Processed foods are out and everything must be prepared from scratch but the variety of produce available to do this is substantial and everything is affordable. I'd even suggest that culinary decadence is no longer dictated by quality of material, but with quality of time. I find that there are a few important staple goods that I can't eat at the moment, but these goods are hardly frivolous. They are things like sugar, salt, yeast for bread, or certain types of fruit. And yet I feel that I am currently living a non-decadent lifestyle, simply because things ordinarily considered mundane and readily available have been elevated to luxury status. Now my predominant currency is time, and to a large extent time dictates availability.

The point is, I missed breakfast and the resultant starvation drove me to eat carrots whilst playing football. I looked ridiculous. Here's what else I ate:

**Breakfast** - Some carrots and gooseberries, in the rain, in a field.

**Lunch** - Pancakes with strawberries.

**Dinner** - A kind of cottage pie made with casserole steak. Ingredients: Potatoes, beef, mushrooms, tomatos, flour, butter, carrots, boiled eggs, goose fat (local! from last year's Christmas dinner), chillies, basil, sage, rosemary... I decided to make a huge amount (perhaps to reclaim so decadence), but frustratingly it tasted very bland from lack of salt. Well, I'm stuck with it I guess.