---
layout: post
title: "Day 7: Away from home, in a storm"
date: 2010-07-05 11:21:51
categories: 100miles
tags: [Environment, Food]
---

The weather was hilarious. A huge storm over night and through the morning. Watched some more music and then, having seen enough hippies in kilts, headed back to Edinburgh in the evening.

<!--more-->


Here is what I ate:

**Breakfast** - Nettle tea, hard boiled egg, some carrots, a flapjack.

**Lunch** - Some more carrots, remaining flapjacks, the last boiled egg.

**Dinner** - Back home and utterly exhausted. I made potato cakes with garlic, and chillies, 1 egg and flour (recipe below), with 2 cold-smoked mackerels and double cream. It was wonderful. Also ate some raspberries found in the fridge from last week.

The potato cakes were really easy to make. Cheap, plentiful, and tasty. I think next time I'll add spinach and cheese to them, kinda looking forward to that. Here is what I did (makes ~9 cakes):

## Ingredients:

- 2 large potatoes
- 2 dried chillies
- 1 clove garlic
- 1 beaten egg
- Some flour
- Some butter and milk

Method:

1. Peel potatoes, chop into small equal volume pieces, boil until soft (perhaps read a paper or something).
2. Add butter, milk, chopped chillies, and crushed garlic to the potatoes and mash.
3. Form cake shapes in hand from mash, coat in egg then coat in flour. Fry in butter for about 5 minutes each side.

So, I've completed a week. Ricardo currently owes £7 to a charity of my choice, but I think I've lost a bit of weight, perhaps half a kilogram (my scales are not very accurate). So far I've survived, it's clear that eating locally is not particularly difficult. Next week I plan to be more adventurous, I'd like to cook the following things:

- Pasta (and lasagne)
- Gnocchi (perhaps with nettles)
- Pizza
- Chapattis or naan
- Icecream (and milkshakes!)
- Honey lassi

I need to find a juicer also. I've not calculated the total cost of this week's food, but I have all receipts. I don't actually know how much I spend in a week, but I'm almost certain I've spent less this week than normal. Takeaways, canteen food, cafés, an expensive thing is convenience.

