---
layout: post
title: "Day 2: A sense of foreboding"
date: 2010-06-29 23:59:07
categories: 100miles
tags: [Environment, Food]
---

The days and the hours were dripping away, finally Sunday came and there was no longer a buffer zone between me and my torment. Things had to be done.

<!--more-->

First stop - Illegal Jacks for one final burrito. The girl made me the hugest burrito, but she was German so I think it was partly just to be magnanimous. I'd like to state that this did not detract from the enormity of the burrito.

Next - Peckhams, and thusly were sown the seeds of this tragedy. I bought white chocolate and raspberry cheesecake, it was eaten immediately. I also bought chocolate and walnut brownies, and these were saved for later in the day. On any normal day, the knowledge of brownies awaiting my return would muster strong feelings of anticipation, even to the point of distraction. Yet this was no normal day, and so the feelings were magnified, and the magnification sparked and smoked within. The quality of anticipation is generally characterised by its resolution. It's a polarising layer of emotion, a drum roll announcement that is more immediate than hope, and its power was engulfing me.

There were two important football matches that day, England lost, and then so did Mexico. Sometimes I wonder what might have happened had Lampard's goal been recognised; or had Tevez been called offside. Things could have been different, but the way things stood precipitated a critical direct consequence, and that was the impotent outrage of the self-righteous. In a group situation it can be sustained for many hours; and so it was. Suddenly it was 11:40pm, and in a defeating moment, and in profound anagnorisis, the trials ahead crystallised into the present. While it was still legal for me to eat the brownies, the stubbornness of space and time simply would not allow it. It was like my desire had only two arms, and its object lay behind a three-handled door. The potency encapsulated everything about the challenge and no longer had it meaning, I had felt the hurt.

They were there when I finally got back, some time later. Over the last couple of days I have pleaded with Susie to eat them, to rid them from my sight. Now only one remains and the abstinence has bred suspicion and bitterness. She wants me to suffer, she wants to watch me suffer, she enjoys it. Twenty-eight days remain.


Only joking, it's still pretty easy. Here's what I ate today:

**Breakfast** - Half of the remaining lamb curry from yesterday.

**Lunch** - The remaining lamb curry and mash from yesterday, + green salad leaves and a punnet of strawberries.

**Dinner** - Half of an omelette: 3 eggs, lots of spinach and green leaves, half a courgette, a tomato, chillies, the last of the cheese. It was really good, full of flavour. Tomorrow's breakfast will be good.

So, while watching the football this evening my mind began to drift and I concocted a recipe:

## Ingredients:

- 3 heaped tbsp flour
- 6 heaped tbsp porridge oats
- Half a block of butter
- 3 tbsp honey

## Directions:

1. Mix oats and flour.
2. Melt butter and mix in honey
3. Pour butter/honey over flour/oats, mix, throw in a tray and bake for 15 minutes at 200 C

I thought it would make biscuits but it just makes kind of bland and dry flapjacks. I'll take what I can get I suppose.